{'': '', 'There is a high density mass in the left breast with microlobulated margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The breasts are almost entirely fatty': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast score is 1 which means that the breast is mostly fat tissue. This is normal.', 'Two-view mammogram in the CC and lateral position to demonstrate post biopsy clip placement was performed.': 'Two mammograms are done after a biopsy to make sure the tiny titanium clip placed during your biopsy is in the appropriate area.', 'Architectural Distortion called back and found to be Benign': '', 'There are scattered areas of fibroglandular density': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 2 which means that there is slightly more fat than gland tissue. This is normal.', 'Mass': 'A collection or lump of tissue. Many things can cause masses including things that are benign (not cancer) or cancer. ', 'Suspicious': 'Used to describe findings that are not normal and may represent cancer.', 'Mass:Known Malignancy': '', 'New linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'There is a spiculated mass in the right medial breast. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'There are fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Spot compression magnification view was obtained over the palpable site of concern in the right breast. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in this region. ': 'Close up views of the area where you felt a lump in your right breast showed no signs of cancer or other problems. ', 'There are pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "5:00 o'clock right breast": 'lower inner right breast', '6:00 right breast': 'lower right breast', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient has undergone breast conserving surgery on the right.': 'You have had surgery to remove cancer from your right breast. The surgery was done so that you still had your right breast, instead of removing the breast entirely. ', 'Benign vascular calcifications are present bilaterally.': 'Mineral deposits of calcium along blood vessels in both breasts. This is a normal finding and not a sign of breast cancer.', "1 o'clock left breast": 'upper outer left breast', 'There are new fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "11:00 o'clock left breast": 'upper inner left breast', '5:00 left breast': 'lower outer left breast', 'There are new fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'The benign appearing asymmetric density in the posterior left breast is stable.': 'There is an area of breast tissue deep from the skin in the left breast which is not changed from prior. This area is not cancer.', 'Regional': 'A large group of calcifications confined to a quarter section of the breast. ', 'There has been interval mastopexy. Postoperative changes are present bilaterally.': 'Since your last exam, you have had breast-lifting surgery on both sides. There are normal changes related to the surgery.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Depth': 'In order to describe where in the breast something is, the radiologist mentally divides the breast into 3 levels of depth from front to back:', 'Spot compression magnification view was obtained over the palpable site of concern in the left breast. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in this region.': 'Close up views of the area where you felt a lump in your left breast showed no signs of cancer or other problems. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Global asymmetry': 'The entire breast on one side looks different than the other side.  ', 'Rim calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium form a complete or partial ring. These deposits are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'Skin thickening and diffuse increase in density of the right breast are suspicious for malignancy. Recommend consideration of skin punch biopsy.': 'The skin is thickened and the tissue of your right breast is brighter than normal on the mammogram. We are worried that this is caused by breast cancer. We recommend a skin biopsy. ', 'Multiple bilateral focal asymmetries or masses with at least 2 on one side. No dominant focus. Overall appearance, multiplicity and bilaterality compatible with benign findings.': 'There are multiple areas of breast tissue in both breasts. These areas are not cancer.', "3 o'clock left breast": 'outer left breast', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Spot compression magnification view was obtained over the site of the pain. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in this region.': 'Close up mammogram pictures were taken of the area where you have breast pain. There is no sign of cancer or any other problem at this site.', 'The previously seen mass in the left breast has resolved. The previously seen mass in the left breast is no longer present, consistent with a cyst which has resolved.': "On your prior mammogram, a mass was seen in your left breast. The mass is not seen on today's mammogram. The mass most likely was a cyst (fluid filled area) which went away on its own. This is normal and is not cancer.", 'There are fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Post biopsy mammogram for evaluation of clip positioning following MRI guided biopsy. Biopsy marking clip in the right breast status post core biopsy is seen to be displaced XXX cm medial to the biopsy site.': 'After the right breast biopsy, a titanium clip is placed in the breast at the site of biopsy. In this case, the clip has shifted from the biopsy area. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The benign appearing lymph node in the lateral left breast is stable.': 'A normal lymph node in the outer left breast is not changed from your last exam.', 'Bilateral fibroglandular densities are present, consistent with gynecomastia.': 'Breast tissue is seen in both breasts in a pattern that represents non-cancerous growth of breast tissue. This can be caused by many things including some medicines, liver disease, marijuana, and obesity. This is also sometimes a normal findings during male puberty. ', 'Benign': '', 'No mammographic abnormality is seen in the right breast in the area of breast pain described by the patient.': 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in the area of pain in the right breast.', 'Typically benign': '', 'There has been no significant change in the post-surgical scar in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast. Spot compression magnification view of the right lumpectomy site was performed. No mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy is seen.': 'The area where you had surgery in the upper outer left breast looks the same. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', 'There are new pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'There is a new spiculated mass in the right medial breast.': 'There is a new mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There is a high density oval mass in the right breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a mass in the right breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications': 'Mineral deposits which do not have a particular shape. Sometimes, biopsy is needed to determine if these are a sign of breast cancer. ', 'Cyst Aspiration:Post': '', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'No suspicious-appearing calcifications were seen.': 'No mineral deposits that could be breast cancer. No signs of breast cancer.', "12 o'clock right breast": 'upper right breast', 'Stable left lumpectomy site.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in your left breast. The left breast looks the same as on your last exam.', 'Apparent asymmetries in both the right and left breast resolve with additional mammographic imaging. These are most consistent with normal overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There were areas of breast tissue in both breasts which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, these areas were normal breast tissue.', 'An area of architectural distortion was seen on the initial MLO view of the left breast. This finding resolved on additional imaging and is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Asymmetries were seen in the right and left breast on the initial views. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification views, these asymmetries assumed the appearance of normal tissue. They are believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There were areas of breast tissue in both breasts which appeared abnormal on initial images. With close her pictures, these areas were normal breast tissue.', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast 3 o'clock with associated architectural distortion. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass in the inner right breast. This mass has borders which are spiked and pointed and causes the surrounding tissue to be pulled into the mass. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The questioned architectural distortion in the superior right breast resolved on additional imaging, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', "Post biopsy mammogram confirms the presence of a biopsy marking clip at the site of biopsy in the left breast at the XXXXX o'clock position.": 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your left breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'Coarse or “popcorn-like” calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium that are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'New linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Palpable area of thickening in the left breast at the 5:00 position is described by the patient . No mammographic abnormality is seen in the area. Ultrasound of the area demonstrates a small cyst. No mammographic or sonographic abnormality is seen in the right breast in the area of concern. Clinical followup is recommended.': 'On the mammogram images, there are no signs of cancer or other problems in the area where you felt a lump or thickening in your left breast. On ultrasound, there is a cyst in this area (a fluid filled area) which is normal. Your recommend that you follow up with your primary doctor.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "There is a spiculated mass with irregular margins in the left breast, 9 o'clock.": 'There is a mass in your inner left breast which has an uneven shape and border which are spiked and pointed. This type of mass is often associated with cancer. ', 'Postoperative changes in the right breast are stable.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your right breast and this looks the same as on your last exam.', 'There is a mass in the right breast with indistinct margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. This mass requires biopsy.', "There is a new spiculated mass in the right breast, 3 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Technical Repeat': '', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Mass:Benign': '', 'Allowing for technical differences, there is no significant interval change.': 'Your mammogram is not changed from the past. ', "Again noted there are abnormally enlarged lymph nodes bilaterally, consistent with patient's known history of leukemia.": 'There are lymph nodes in the armpit areas which are larger than normal. This is related to your leukemia. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "5:00 o'clock left breast": 'lower outer left breast', 'There is a equal density round mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient reports palpable abnormalities in the right upper outer and lower outer breast. Spot compression magnification mammography and directed sonography were performed to further evaluate these areas. There is no imaging abnormality demonstrated at the sites of palpable abnormality. The images demonstrate only normal appearing fibroglandular structures, without features of malignancy.': 'Close up mammogram pictures and ultrasound were done in the areas where you felt lumps in your upper outer and lower outer right breast. We only saw normal breast tissue with no signs of cancer or other problems. ', 'Screening mammogram': 'A test that uses x-ray pictures of the breasts to look for signs of cancer in women who don’t have any symptoms or breast problems. This test usually consists of 4 pictures total (a top-view and side-view for each breast).', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'At the surgical site in the right breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar. The lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scar in the right breast has not changed from the last exam. There are no signs of cancer in this area.', 'Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally, consistent with fluctuating cysts.': 'Multiple fluid filled areas (cysts) are seen in both of your breasts which have gotten bigger and smaller over your last few exams. No signs of cancer. ', 'Previously reported asymmetry on the right side blends in with underlying parenchymal tissue on compression views. No underlying mass.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue. There are no signs of cancer.', 'Large rod-like calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium in breast ducts that are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'There are new fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Questioned architectural distortion in the left breast resolved with additional imaging, consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Amorphous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Oval': 'shape used to describe a mass. Oval masses are typically not cancer. It is rare for cancer to appear as an oval mass on a mammogram.', 'Questioned architectural distortion in the left breast resolved with additional imaging (spot compression tomosynthesis views), consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', "6 o'clock left breast": 'lower left breast', 'All four routine mammographic views should be repeated for technical reasons.': 'We need to repeat the mammogram images because the first pictures are low quality.', 'Amorphous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Multiple, bilateral, masses/asymmetries demonstrated without dominant focus. There are at least 2 such findings in 1 breast. Most compatible with benign findings.': 'Breast tissue normally appears similar in the right breast and the left breast. An area of tissue that stands out when compared to the other breast is called an asymmetry. A mass is a collection or lump of tissue. Several masses and asymmetries are seen in both breast that are not related to cancer.', 'Post-procedure MLO and CC views were performed to assess biopsy clip placement. The clip is visualized in expected location.': 'Mammograms done after your breast biopsy show a tiny titanium clip in the correct position.', 'Amorphous calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a new mass in the left breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '1:00 right breast': 'upper inner right breast', 'Mammogram': 'A test that uses x-ray pictures of the breasts to look for cancer', 'Circumscribed': 'Circumscribed means that the mass has well-defined borders and edges. Circumscribed masses are usually not cancer.', 'New fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Palpable area in the left breast is described by the patient. No mammographic abnormality is seen in the area.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your left breast where you feel a lump. ', 'Left': 'Left breast', "Post biopsy mammogram confirms the presence of a biopsy marking clip at the site of biopsy in the right breast at the XXXXX o'clock position and in the left breast at the XX o'clock position.": 'The tiny titanium clip placed in your left and right breasts during past biopsies are in the same location as the last time you got a mammogram.', "10:00 o'clock right breast": 'outer upper right breast', "There is a irregular mass with spiculated margins in the right breast 7 o'clock middle depth. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass in the lower outer right breast with spiked and pointed borders. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Nipple Retraction:Benign': '', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "There is a new spiculated mass in the right breast 3 o'clock with associated architectural distortion.": 'There is a new mass in the inner right breast. This mass has borders which are spiked and pointed and causes the surrounding tissue to be pulled into the mass. ', 'The patient is status post reduction mammoplasty on the left.': 'You have had surgery to make your left breast smaller. ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a equal density round mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a mass in the right breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'Stable post lumpectomy site, left breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in your left breast. The left breast looks the same as on your last exam.', 'Vascular calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium along blood vessels in the breast. Not a sign of breast cancer.', 'New fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', "4:00 o'clock left breast": 'outer lower left breast', "New spiculated mass in the right breast, 3 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', "1 o'clock right breast": 'upper inner right breast', 'Nipple Discharge:Benign': '', 'Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. These have fluctuated in size compared with prior exam and are consistent with fluctuating cysts.': 'Multiple fluid filled areas (cysts) are seen in both of your breasts which have gotten bigger and smaller over your last few exams. No signs of cancer. ', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Skin lesion': 'There is a skin lesion which is seen on the mammogram pictures.', 'There is a spiculated mass in the right lateral breast. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in your outer right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'New linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Postoperative changes, left breast, stable.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your left breast and this looks the same as on your last exam.', "5 o'clock right breast ": 'lower inner right breast', 'There is a equal density round mass in the right breast with indistinct margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the right breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the lateral left breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the outer left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'There is a new mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', 'No mammographic abnormality is seen in the region of the palpable abnormality in the right breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer or other problems in the area where you felt a lump in your right breast. ', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "12:00 o'clock left breast": 'upper left breast', "There is a new spiculated mass in the right breast, 6 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your lower right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', '4C': 'There is a finding that may be breast cancer or not cancer. At this time we are not 100% sure. Biopsy is recommended.', 'Fine linear calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'At the surgical site in the left breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar. Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'The area where you had surgery on the left breast looks the same. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', 'Additional diagnostic mammogram views were performed of the RIGHT breast to further evaluate an area of concern seen on the initial screening images.': 'More x-rays of the right breast were needed to take a closer look at a spot in the breast that the radiologist noticed on the screening mammogram.  ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "9 o'clock right breast": 'outer right breast', 'Fine linear calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '5:00 right breast': 'lower inner right breast', 'The breasts are heterogeneously dense': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 3 which means that there is slightly more gland than fat tissue. This is normal.', "7 o'clock right breast": 'lower outer right breast', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Stable post surgical sites, both right and left breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your breasts. Your breasts look the same as on your last exam.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "3:00 o'clock right breast": 'inner right breast', 'Linear branching calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Right scar marker.': 'A sticker is seen on the skin over your right breast to mark where there is a scar.', 'A few small (less than 1 cm) masses are seen in the upper outer quadrants of the right and left breast. These well-defined masses contain fat within and are consistent with benign intramammary lymph nodes.': 'There are lymph nodes in your right and left breasts near the armpit area. There is fat in the lymph nodes which means they are normal.', 'Itching:Benign': '', 'Stable, diffuse, bilateral calcifications with benign characteristics.': 'There are mineral deposits in both breasts which are not breast cancer.', 'Comparison': 'The comparison section describes any mammograms you had in the past that the radiologist looked at to see if there were any small changes.', 'Amorphous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Post-procedure ML and CC views were performed to assess biopsy clip placement. The clip is visualized in expected location at 9:00 on the right.': 'Mammograms done after your right breast biopsy show a tiny titanium clip in the correct position.', 'Fine linear calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic': 'Mineral deposits that are small and are varied in shape. This type of calcification is sometimes associated with breast cancer.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "There is a spiculated mass in the left breast 2 o'clock posterior depth.": 'There is a mass deep in the upper outer left breast which has spiked and pointed borders.', 'Fat-containing': 'Mass contains fat which means that it is benign and NOT cancer. ', 'The biopsy marking clip in the right breast status post core biopsy is stable in position. The biopsy marking clip in the left breast status post core biopsy is stable in position.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed in your left and right breasts during past biopsies are in the same location as the last time you got a mammogram.', '4:00 left breast': 'outer lower left breast', 'Equal density': 'Mass is a similar shade of gray on the mammogram compared to normal surrounding breast tissue.', 'There are new fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the superior left breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the upper left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', "Diffuse skin thickening and increased density of the breasts bilaterally is most likely secondary to edema from congestive heart failure in view of the patient's clinical history. However, on physical examination of the right breast, there is skin erythema present as well suggesting possible infection vs. less likely inflammatory breast cancer. If the findings of right breast skin erythema do not improve with antibiotic therapy, consider a skin punch biopsy to exclude an inflammatory breast cancer.": 'There is skin thickening on both breasts. This is likely caused by too much water in your system due to heart failure. ', 'There are new amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', "10 o'clock left breast": 'inner upper left breast', '2 mammographic images obtained after ultrasound directed needle biopsy. The clip placed under ultrasound guidance appears to be in the appropriate position.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your XXXXXX breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'Interval development of post lumpectomy changes, right breast. No evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'Since your last exam, there is normal healing and scarring in your right breast after surgery to remove a lump. There no signs of cancer in this area.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a high density mass in the right breast with microlobulated margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the right breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Palpable:Benign': '', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Questioned architectural distortion in the left breast resolved with additional imaging consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'New pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Apparent asymmetry in the left breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Bilateral mammograms were performed including spot compression magnification views of the outer left breast, at the site of reported palpable abnormality .': 'In addition to the normal bilateral mammogram images, close up pictures were done of the outer left breast where you felt a lump.', 'Amorphous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '1:00 left breast': 'upper outer left breast', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen in the region of the pain. ': 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in your breast where you have pain. ', 'Asymmetry:Benign': '', 'Spot compression magnification view of the subareolar region was performed. No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain the nipple discharge. An ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.': 'We did close up mammogram pictures of the area just under your nipple but we did not find anything to explain the leakage from your nipple. We recommend getting an ultrasound of that area. ', "Prominent axillary lymph nodes are seen bilaterally. These are compatible with the patient's known rheumatoid arthritis.": 'There are lymph nodes in the armpit areas which are slightly larger than normal. This is likely related to you rheumatoid arthritis. ', 'Grouped': 'Calcifications which form a group or cluster.', 'There are pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen in the palpable sites of concern.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your breast where you feel lumps. ', 'A previously reported asymmetry on the right side shows resolution with compression views. This is felt to represent part of underlying breast parenchyma. There is no evidence of a breast mass in this area.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue. This area is not cancer.', 'There are linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are new from prior.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "9:00 o'clock right breast": 'outer right breast', 'There are benign appearing coarse microcalcifications scattered throughout both breasts, stable.': 'There are mineral deposits in both breasts which are not changed from prior and are not breast cancer.', 'At the surgical site in the right breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar. Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scar in the right breast has not changed from the last exam. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer. ', 'An asymmetry was seen on the initial CC view of the left breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, this asymmetry assumed the appearance of normal tissue. It is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Additional diagnostic mammogram views were performed of the right breast to further evaluate an area of concern seen on prior diagnostic images.': 'More x-rays of the right breast were needed to take a closer look at something that the radiologist noticed on your last X-rays', 'Axillary adenopathy': 'Enlargement of the lymph nodes (normally small bean-shaped structures that help with the immune system) in the armpit area', 'New high density mass in the left breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', '8:00 left breast': 'inner lower left breast', 'Bilateral fibroglandular densities are present involving the left greater than right breast. The mammographic findings are consistent with asymmetric gynecomastia.': 'Noncancerous enlargement of breast tissue in the left breast more than the right. This can be caused by many things including some medicines, liver disease, marijuana, and obesity. This is also sometimes a normal findings during male puberty. ', 'Asymmetry': 'Breast tissue normally appears similar in the right breast and the left breast. An area of tissue that stands out when compared to the other breast is called an asymmetry. While cancer can cause an asymmetry, other things that are not cancer can also cause asymmetry.', 'Linear branching calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'An asymmetry was seen on the initial CC view of the right breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, this asymmetry assumed the appearance of normal tissue. It is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Location of lesion': '', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '2:00 right breast': 'inner upper right breast', 'Developing asymmetry': 'An area in the breast that looks different than the other side and is becoming more noticeable over the past few mammograms', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a high density oval mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', 'Status post MRI guided biopsy of the left breast with two biopsy marking clips in expected positioning.': 'The tiny titanium clips placed during the two left breast biopsies are located in the appropriate area where the biopsies were done. ', 'At the surgical site in the right breast, there is density and architectural distortion consistent with a post surgical scar. Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'It looks like there is normal healing and scarring in the area where you had surgery in your right breast. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', 'There is no evidence of recurrence at the lumpectomy site on the right.': 'There is no sign of cancer in the right breast where you had surgery.', 'There are new amorphous calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'A previously reported asymmetry on the left side shows resolution with compression views. This is felt to represent part of underlying breast parenchyma. There is no evidence of a breast mass in this area.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue. This area is not cancer.', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain the nipple discharge. An ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.': 'We did not find anything to explain the leakage from your nipple on the mammogram. We recommend getting an ultrasound of your breast.', 'Calcifications:Benign': '', 'An asymmetry in the left breast assumed the appearance of normal fibroglandular tissue on additional imaging, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "There is a irregular mass with spiculated margins in the right breast 7 o'clock middle depth.": 'There is a mass in the lower outer right breast with spiked and pointed borders.', 'Fine linear calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'There are linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Amorphous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Ultrasound of the palpable mass in the left breast is recommended.': 'We recommend doing an ultrasound to see if there are any problems in your left breast where you feel a lump.', 'Fine linear calcifications': 'Mineral deposits which are very small and form small lines or dashes. This type of calcification is sometimes associated with breast cancer. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The clip is at the intended biopsies location in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your left breast biopsy is located in the upper inner breast where the biopsy was done. ', 'At the surgical site in both the right and left breasts, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with post surgical scars. Spot compression magnification view of each lumpectomy site was performed. No mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy is seen.': 'The areas where you had surgery in the left and right breasts look the same. Close up views of both of these areas show no signs of cancer.', 'Diagnostic mammogram': 'When a patient has breast problems or has something abnormal on a screening mammogram, a diagnostic mammogram is needed. This usually consists of more x ray pictures to take a closer look at any problem areas.', 'Status post MRI guided biopsy of the right breast with biopsy marking clip in expected positioning. ': 'After your biopsy, the tiny titanium clip that we placed at the site of the biopsy was in the correct location in your right breast.', 'There is a new high density mass in the right breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Multiple benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. Given their morphology and multiplicity, these are presumed benign, either cysts or fibroadenomas.': 'Masses that are round and oval in shape are seen in both of your breasts and these are not cancer. These masses may be cysts (fluid filled areas) or fibroadenomas (areas of condensed normal breast tissue).', 'There are benign appearing round and oval masses in both breasts, stable given differences in technique, compared to multiple studies including those from 1997.': 'Masses that are round and oval in shape are seen in both of your breasts. This looks the same as on your past exams dating back to 1997 and there are no signs of cancer.', 'There are no mammographic features of malignancy in either breast. Specifically there is no abnormality at the site of reported palpable mass. Directed sonography of the outer left breast did reveal a 5mm lobular mass which had an appearance characteristic of a benign intramammary lymph node.': 'There are no signs of cancer in either breast. No signs of cancer in the area where you felt a lump. We did an ultrasound of this area also which showed a normal lymph node with no signs of cancer. ', 'Prominent right axillary nodes are again noted, as have been present bilaterally previously. Prominent axillary nodes should be evaluated clinically.': 'There are slightly enlarged lymph nodes in your right armpit area, just like on your past exam where these slightly enlarged lymph nodes were seen on both sides. Your primary doctor should decide on how to go about treating these. ', 'The biopsy marking clips in both breasts are stable in position.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed in your left and right breasts during past biopsies are in the same location as the last time you got a mammogram.', 'Benign appearing, stable microcalcifications bilaterally.': 'There are mineral deposits in both breasts which are not changed from prior and are not breast cancer.', 'Tomosynthesis images were acquired as a part of this exam.': 'A 3D mammogram was done as part of this exam.', "6:00 o'clock right breast": 'lower right breast', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a mass in the left breast with indistinct margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. This mass requires biopsy.', 'There is no evidence of recurrence at the lumpectomy site on the left.': 'There is no sign of cancer in the left breast where you had surgery.', "12 o'clock left breast": 'upper left breast', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Indistinct': 'The border of the mass fades into the tissue around it so the borders are not well seen. Indistinct borders can be seen with cancer and non-cancer masses.', 's/p right mastectomy.': 'You have had surgery to remove your right breast. ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Limited mammogram was obtained for evaluation of clip positioning, following core needle biopsy. The biopsy marking clip is seen to be displaced approximately XXX cm medial/lateral to the biopsy site.': 'After a biopsy, a titanium clip is placed in the breast at the site of biopsy. In this case, the clip has shifted from the biopsy area. ', 'Bilateral lobulated probable fat containing masses in the axillary tail regions are most consistent with intramammary lymph nodes.': 'There are lymph nodes in your right breast near your armpit area. There is fat in the lymph nodes which means they are normal.', 'Further workup of the palpable mass in the left breast should be based on clinical evaluation.': 'Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about the lump you feel in your left breast. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'New fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', '9:00 left breast': 'inner left breast', 'New spiculated mass in the right breast.': 'There is a new mass in your right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Possible calcifications in both breasts were artifactual.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen on the initial mammogram were not seen on close up pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', 'Anterior': 'Near the front/nipple', '6:00 left breast': 'lower left breast', 'Possible calcifications were seen in the right and left breast on the initial views. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification views, the possible calcifications were not present and assumed to be artifactual.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen on the initial mammogram were not seen on close look pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', 'Stable left post-lumpectomy site.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in your left breast. The left breast looks the same as on your last exam.', 'Breast composition': '', 'There is a mass in the right breast with obscured margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Skin Thickening:Suspicious': '', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The benign appearing scattered densities bilaterally are stable.': 'There are areas of breast tissue in both breasts which are not changed. These areas are not cancer.', 'There is a spiculated mass in the right medial breast.': 'There is a mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'The patient presents for additional view of the right breast following a screening mammogram.': 'One more x-ray was needed to take a closer look at the right breast.', 'The palpable mass corresponds to a solid, oval hypoechoic mass with increased through transmission. There is no definite mammographic correlate.': 'The lump you felt in your breast is a cyst (a normal structure) on ultrasound. This area looks normal on the mammogram pictures.', 'Stable post lumpectomy sites, both breasts.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in both breasts. Both breast look the same as on your last exam.', 'Bilateral benign vascular calcifications are seen.': 'Mineral deposits of calcium along blood vessels in both breasts. This is a normal finding and not a sign of breast cancer.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Recommend decision regarding further management of the breast pain be based on clinical grounds.': 'Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about your painful breast. ', 'Apparent asymmetry in the inferior left breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the lower left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'Close up views of the area where you had breast surgery show no sign of cancer.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'New fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There has been interval development of increased density and architectural distortion at the surgical site in the left breast consistent with new post lumpectomy changes. Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'It looks like there is normal healing and scarring in the area where you had surgery in your left breast. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', "There is a new spiculated mass with irregular margins in the left breast, 9 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your inner left breast which has an uneven shape and border which are spiked and pointed. This type of mass is often associated with cancer. ', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Spot tomographic view was obtained over the palpable site of concern in the left breast. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in this region.': 'Close up views using 3D mammography of the area where you felt a lump in your left breast showed no signs of cancer or other problems. ', 'Patient describes a palpable mass in the right axillary region. No abnormality is seen in the right axilla. ': 'There are no signs of cancer or other problems in the area you felt in your right armpit area. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Biopsy marking clips are appropriately positioned at the biopsy sites in the right and left breast.': 'After your biopsy, the tiny titanium clip that we placed at the site of the biopsy was in the correct location in your right and left breasts.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient describes bilateral palpable areas of concern. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in the region of palpable markers in the right or left breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in both breasts where you feel a lump.', 'The technologist noted bilateral white nipple discharge with mammographic compression. Nipple discharge can occasionally occur with mammographic compression. The patient was reassured that this can be normal. However, she was informed to follow up with her care provider if the discharge occurs spontaneously.': 'When we pressed on your breast to get the normal mammogram pictures, some white colored liquid leaked out of your nipple. This can happen normally but you should mention this to your primary doctor. ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "2 o'clock right breast": 'inner upper right breast', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a irregular mass in the left breast with spiculated margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast. This mass has an uneven shape with borders that are spiked and pointed. This mass requires biopsy.', 'No masses or malignant type calcifications are identified in the left breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer in the left breast.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', '12:00 left breast': 'upper left breast', "New spiculated mass with irregular margins in the left breast, 9 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your inner left breast which has an uneven shape and border which are spiked and pointed. This type of mass is often associated with cancer. ', 'Postoperative changes, left breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your left breast.', 'The benign-appearing lesion is stable.': 'There is an unchanged lesion which is not cancer. You do not need to worry about this and nothing more needs to be done. ', 'Questioned architectural distortion in the right breast resolved with additional imaging consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'A small mass with lucency centrally is seen in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast and is consistent with a benign intramammary lymph node.': 'There is a lymph node in your upper outer right breast. There is fat in the lymph nodes which means they are normal.', 'Manual Terms': '', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormality is seen in the region of the palpable abnormality in the left breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your left breast where you feel a lump. ', "8:00 o'clock left breast": 'inner lower left breast', 'Bilateral small well-defined masses are consistent with benign intramammary lymph nodes.': 'Normal lymph nodes are seen in both your breasts.', 'There is new high density oval mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', "Postoperative changes consistent with the patient's history of bilateral reduction mammoplasty are stable. ": 'There are normal changes related to your breast reduction surgery. This looks the same as on your last exam. ', 'New mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'A group of calcifications was questioned on the initial MLO view of the right breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, these did not persist and were likely artifactual in nature.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen in the right breast on the initial mammogram were not seen on close look pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', 'New amorphous calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Findings consistent with asymmetric gynecomastia involving the left greater than right breast.': 'Noncancerous enlargement of breast tissue in the left breast more than the right. This can be caused by many things including some medicines, liver disease, marijuana, and obesity. This is also sometimes a normal findings during male puberty. ', "There is a spiculated mass in the left breast 2 o'clock posterior depth. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass deep in the upper outer left breast which has spiked and pointed borders. This mass requires biopsy.', 'The biopsy marking clip is seen to be displaced approximately 2 cm medial to the biopsy site.': 'After a biopsy, a titanium clip is placed in the breast at the site of biopsy. In this case, the clip has shifted from the biopsy area by about an inch. ', "No mammographic abnormality is present to correlate with patient's reported nonfocal left breast pain.": 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in your left breast where you have pain. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear': 'Calcifications form a straight line.', "1:00 o'clock right breast": 'upper inner right breast', "Post biopsy mammogram confirms the presence of a biopsy marking clip at the site of biopsy in the right breast at the XXXXX o'clock position.": 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your right breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', '4.0': 'Possible breast cancer. ', 'There are new fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "6 o'clock right breast": 'lower right breast', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "There is a spiculated mass with irregular margins in the left breast, 9 o'clock. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass in your inner left breast which has an uneven shape and border which are spiked and pointed. This type of mass is often associated with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Skin thickening': 'Increased thickness of the skin', 'Stable post surgical site, left breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your left breast. The left breast looks the same as on your last exam.', 'The patient is status post bilateral subcutaneous mastectomy with reconstruction.': 'You breasts have been surgically removed and then reconstructed. ', 'Postoperative changes consistent with history of bilateral mastopexy are stable.': 'There are normal changes related to breast lifting surgery. This looks the same as it did on your last exam.  ', 'The biopsy marking clip in the right breast status post MRI biopsy is in expected positioning.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your right breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'The left MLO view is suboptimal due to motion. We will recall the patient for a technical repeat view and issue an addendum report.': 'Since your left breast moved on the mammogram taken from the side, we recommend you come back to take that picture again. We will add on any new findings to the report. ', 'Architectural distortion': "Disruption of the normal structure of breast tissue resulting the normal tissue looking like it's being pulled in to a certain area. ", 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "3:00 o'clock left breast": 'outer left breast', 'Questioned calcifications did not persist on additional imaging and are believed to have been artifactual.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen on the initial mammogram were not seen on close look pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', "4:00 o'clock right breast": 'inner lower right breast', 'The patient is status post right reduction mammoplasty. The patient is status post reduction mammoplasty on the left.': 'You have had surgery to make your breasts smaller. ', 'Fine linear calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Stable from prior': 'Looks the same on your older mammograms, has not changed.', 'Mastopexy changes, right breast as described.': 'There are normal changes related to surgically lifting your right breast. ', 'Amorphous calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Microlobulated': 'The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '6.0': 'Known breast cancer proven by biopsy.', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast, 6 o'clock. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass in your lower right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'The patient will be recalled for technical repeat mammographic views of both breasts. A complete will report will be rendered when those films become available.': 'We need to repeat the mammogram images because the first pictures are low quality. We will complete the report once those are done.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Skin retraction': 'Puckering or pulling in of the overlying skin', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Limited mammogram for evaluation of clip positioning following MRI guided biopsy. Two biopsy marking clips in the left breast status post core biopsy are in expected positioning.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your left breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'Postoperative changes, stable.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery and they look the same as on your last exam.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'At the surgical site in the posterior central breast there is skin deformity, density and architectural distortion, all consistent with post surgical changes. No suspicious microcalcifications are demonstrated to suggest residual or recurrent malignancy': 'It looks like there is normal healing and scarring in the area where you had surgery in your breast. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', 'Distribution': '', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "11 o'clock left breast": 'upper inner left breast', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Compared to the prior films, there has been no significant change in the appearance of either breast.': 'Your mammogram is not changed from the past. No signs of breast cancer. ', 'There are new amorphous calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Worrisome': 'Used to describe findings that are not normal and may represent cancer.', 'Stable post surgical site, right breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your right breast. The right breast looks the same as on your last exam.', 'Bilateral white nipple discharge occurred with mammographic compression. Nipple discharge can occasionally occur with mammographic compression. Recommend decision regarding any further evaluation be based on clinical grounds. ': 'When we pressed on your breast to get the normal mammogram pictures, some white colored liquid leaked out of your nipple. This can happen normally but you should mention this to your primary doctor to see if anything else needs to be done.', 'Misc': '', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'No evidence of malignancy in either breast.': 'There is no sign of breast cancer.', 'Previously reported asymmetry on the left side blends in with underlying parenchymal tissue on compression views. No underlying mass.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue. There are no signs of cancer.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the lateral right breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the outer right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormality is present to explain bilateral discharge. Recommend further evaluation of non-bloody nipple discharge be based on clinical grounds and degree of clinical concern.': 'We did not find anything to explain the leakage from your nipple on the mammogram. Your primary doctor will offer guidance on what this means.', 'Linear branching calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', '10:00 right breast': 'outer upper right breast', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', 'Secretory calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium in breast ducts that are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'There are new linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a high density oval mass in the right breast with spiculated margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the right breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Questioned architectural distortion in the left breast resolved with tomosynthesis views consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Middle': 'About halfway between the nipple and the chest wall.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "New spiculated mass in the right breast, 6 o'clock.": 'There is a new mass in your lower right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There are no mammographic features of malignancy in either breast. Compared to the prior studies there has been no significant interval change.': 'Your mammogram is not changed from the past. No sign of breast cancer.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are scattered and occasionally grouped benign appearing calcifications in the right and left breast.': 'There are mineral deposits in both breasts which are not breast cancer.', 'Distance from the nipple': 'Measurement of how far a lesion, mass or calcification is from the nipple.', 'New fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'The left CC view is suboptimal due to inadequate posterior tissue. Recommend technical repeat left CC view.': 'We did not get enough of your left breast on the mammogram from the top. We recommend repeating this view.', 'Recommend routine annual mammographic screening for these benign findings.': 'No signs of breast cancer. Continue your yearly mammograms.', 'No mammographic abnormality is seen in the region of the palpable abnormality in the right/left breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your breast where you feel a lump. ', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a high density mass in the right breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a mass in the right breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'There are linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', "The examination is limited due to the patient's physical condition. We were unable to visualize the most posterior aspect of the right breast and axilla. Per the technologist, the patient has a frozen shoulder on the X. Therefore, we were unable to visualize the axilla and most posterior aspect of the breast.": "The mammogram pictures were limited because of a medical problem.  We could not see the back part of the breast or the armpit area.  The technologist (person taking the pictures) said that the patient had difficulty moving the X shoulder. Because of this, we couldn't see the back part of the breast or the armpit area on the x-rays.  This means that we couldn't check for cancer in those areas. ", 'New fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'The left CC view is suboptimal due to motion. Recommend technical repeat left CC view.': 'The mammograms of your left breast done from the top are low quality since your breast moved during the scan. We recommend repeating that view.', 'No suspicious masses or calcifications are seen.': 'There are no signs of cancer.', 'There is a equal density round mass in the left breast with indistinct margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. This mass requires biopsy.', '3:00 left breast': 'outer left breast', 'Mass:Suspicious': '', "5 o'clock left breast ": 'lower outer left breast', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Findings consistent with bilateral gynecomastia.': 'Breast tissue is seen in both breasts in a pattern that represents non-cancerous growth of breast tissue. This can be caused by many things including some medicines, liver disease, marijuana, and obesity. This is also sometimes a normal findings during male puberty. ', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'High density': 'Mass appears more white on the mammogram compared to normal surrounding breast tissue.', "2 o'clock left breast": 'outer upper left breast', 'Stable post lumpectomy site, right breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in your right breast. The right breast looks the same as on your last exam.', '11:00 right breast': 'upper outer right breast', 'Margin': 'used to describe the peripheral borders of a mass.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 's/p left breast lumpectomy.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery to remove a lump in your left breast.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the left breast resolved with additional imaging and is consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain the nipple discharge. Recommend decisions regarding further management be based on clinical grounds.': 'We did not find anything to explain the leakage from your nipple on the mammogram. Your primary doctor will offer guidance on what this means.', 'Bilateral prepectoral silicone implants are stable.': 'On both sides there are breast implants filled with silicone (gel) that are located on top of the chest muscles. The implants look the same as on your last mammogram.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Asymmetries in both breasts assumed the appearance of normal tissue on additional imaging, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There were areas of breast tissue in both breasts which appeared abnormal on initial images. With close her pictures, these areas were normal breast tissue.', 'Additional diagnostic mammogram views were performed of both breasts to further evaluate BILATERAL areas of concern seen on the initial screening images.': 'More x-rays of both breasts were needed to take a closer look at something that the radiologist noticed on your screening mammogram.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'BI-RADS': 'An acronym that stands for Breast Imaging Reporting And Data System. BI-RADS is a coding system used by doctors to communicate accurately with one another. There are 6 BI-RADS categories to classify the findings of all mammograms.', 'Cluster': 'Calcifications which form a group or cluster.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Stable postoperative changes, right breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your right breast and they look the same as on your last exam.', 'Biopsy marking clip is appropriately positioned at the biopsy site.': 'After your biopsy, the tiny titanium clip that we placed at the site of the biopsy was in the correct location.', 'The patient presents for additional view of the left breast following a screening mammogram.': 'One more x-ray was needed to take a closer look at the left breast. ', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient is status post left mastectomy.': 'Your left breast has been removed by surgery.', 'Linear branching calcifications are new from prior.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'No specific mammographic evidence of malignancy, right breast.': 'No signs of breast cancer in the right breast.', 'Postoperative changes in both breasts, are stable': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your breasts. This looks the same as it did on the last exam.', 'There are new pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'There are no new worrisome findings.': 'There are no signs of cancer.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Suspicious morphology': '', 'Linear branching calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient has had a left mastectomy in the interval since the recent study.': 'Since your last exam, your left breast has been removed by surgery.', 'New high density oval mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', 'Bilateral retropectoral saline implants are intact.': 'On both sides there are breast implants filled with saline (salt water) that are located underneath the chest muscles. These breast implants are filled with saline (salt water). There is no breakage or leaking of the implants.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'New irregular mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. This mass has an uneven shape with borders that are spiked and pointed.', 'There is a spiculated mass in the left breast.': 'There is a mass in your left breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'New fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "11 o'clock right breast": 'upper outer right breast', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast 3 o'clock with associated architectural distortion.": 'There is a mass in the inner right breast. This mass has borders which are spiked and pointed and causes the surrounding tissue to be pulled into the mass. ', 'Prominent left axillary nodes are noted. Prominent axillary nodes should be evaluated clinically.': 'There are slightly enlarged lymph nodes in your left armpit area. Your primary doctor should decide on how to go about treating these. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There has been interval development of increased density and architectural distortion at the surgical site in the right breast consistent with new post lumpectomy changes. Spot compression magnification view of the lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'It looks like there is normal healing and scarring in the area where you had surgery in your right breast. Close up views of this area show no signs of cancer.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "2:00 o'clock left breast": 'outer upper left breast', 'The left MLO view is suboptimal due to motion. The left CC view is suboptimal due to motion. Recommend technical repeat left CC and MLO views. ': 'The mammograms of your left breast done from the side and from the top are low quality since you moved during the scan. We recommend repeating those mammograms. ', 'New fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'New mass in the left breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Postoperative changes, bilaterally, stable.': 'The normal changes that happen after surgery are seen in both breasts and look the same as on your last exam.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a mass in the right breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'At the surgical site in the right breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scar in the right breast has not changed from the last exam.', 'There are linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "9:00 o'clock left breast": 'inner left breast', '1.0': 'Normal. No evidence of breast cancer.', 'Fine linear calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There has been interval surgery in the lateral left breast, and there are postoperative changes at the surgical site.': 'Since your last exam, you have had surgery on the side of your left breast. There are normal changes after surgery in this area. ', 'There is new high density mass in the left breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'Scattered densities and calcifications in the right breast are stable.': 'Breast tissue and mineral deposits in the right breast are not changed and are not breast cancer.', 'Left scar marker.': 'A sticker is seen on the skin over your left breast to mark where there is a scar.', 'A pacemaker is seen overlying the left pectoralis muscle and obscures this area.': 'A pacemaker sitting on top of the left chest muscle blocks x-rays from seeing part of the breast. ', 'Apparent asymmetry in the right breast resolved on spot compression tomosynthesis views, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Palpable:Indeterminate': '', 'New spiculated mass in the left breast.': 'There is a new mass in your left breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There are fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'New high density mass in the right breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient has had a right mastectomy in the interval since the recent study.': 'Since your last exam, your right breast has been removed by surgery.', 'There is a mass in the left breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'The examination is limited due to the pacemaker on the X. The axilla was not included on the MLO view.': 'The pacemaker covers part of the breast.  The armpit area was not included in the side view mammogram. ', 'Post lumpectomy and radiation therapy changes in the right breast are stable.': 'Normal changes after surgery and radiation are seen in your right breast. This looks the same as it did on the last exam.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the left breast resolved on spot compression tomosynthesis views, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "Postoperative changes consistent with patient's history of left mastopexy are stable.": 'There are normal changes related to surgically lifting your right breast. This looks the same as it did on your last exam.', 'Called Back': '', 'There is a new irregular mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast. This mass has an uneven shape with borders that are spiked and pointed.', 'There are fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'New spiculated mass in the right lateral breast.': 'There is a new mass in your outer right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'No mammographic abnormality is seen in the right breast in the area of the palpable mass described by the patient.': 'On the mammogram pictures, there is nothing in your right breast where you feel a lump. ', 'Post surgical changes at the lumpectomy site.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your breast.', 'There is a mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', 'Low density': 'Mass appears darker on the mammogram compared to normal breast tissue. ', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast, 3 o'clock.": 'There is a mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There are fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a new mass in the right breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain nipple retraction. Ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.': 'We did not find anything on your mammogram to explain why your nipple is pulled in. We recommend getting an ultrasound of that area which can show things that sometimes we cannot see on the mammogram. ', 'An asymmetry in the right breast assumed the appearance of normal fibroglandular tissue on additional imaging, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The benign appearing mass in the right breast is stable.': 'There is a mass in your right breast which is not cancer and looks the same as on your last exam.', 'There are fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Spot compression magnification view of the subareolar region was performed. No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain the nipple retraction.': 'Close up mammogram pictures were done of the are just under the nipple. We did not see anything on these pictures to explain why your nipple is pulled in. ', 'The questioned architectural distortion in the left breast resolved on additional imaging, consistent with superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your left breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'There are new fine linear calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Round calcifications': 'Mineral deposits that have a round shape. This type of calcification is usually not a sign of cancer. ', 'Linear branching calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Intramammary lymph node': 'Lymph node within the breast tissue ', 'Recommend further evaluation of nonfocal left breast pain be based on clinical grounds.': 'Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about your painful left breast. ', 'Biopsy': '', 'Skin scar marker is present over prior lumpectomy site in the right / left breast. No mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy is seen.': 'There is a sticker on your skin to show where the skin scar from your surgery is. There is no sign of cancer in the area where you had surgery.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The previously seen mass in the right breast has resolved.': "On your prior mammogram, a mass was seen in your right breast. The mass is not seen on today's mammogram. The mass went away on its own. No signs of cancer are seen.", 'Mild skin thickening at the site of palpable abnormality which could relate to infection or other inflammatory process, which by history is decreasing on antibiotic therapy. This should be monitored to complete resolution. If not completely resolved in two weeks, punch biopsy should be considered.': 'The area you are feeling in your breast is related to skin thickening which can be caused by infection or other things that cause inflammation. Since this is getting better with antibiotics, we can watch this area and make sure it goes away completely. If it does not go away completely, we recommend that you get a skin biopsy.', 'Round': 'shape used to describe a mass. Round masses are typically not cancer. It is rare for cancer to appear as a round mass on a mammogram.', 'Post lumpectomy and radiation therapy changes are seen in the left breast.': 'Normal changes after surgery and radiation are seen in your left breast.', 'Benign appearing oval masses both breasts, stable.': 'Masses that are oval in shape are seen in both of your breasts and these are not cancer. ', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient is status post bilateral reduction mammoplasty.': 'You have had surgery to make your breasts smaller. ', 'Skin calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium in the skin that are not a sign of breast cancer.', '10:00 left breast': 'inner upper left breast', 'Interval reduction mammoplasty right breast.': 'Since your last exam, you have had surgery to make your right breast smaller.', 'The asymmetric parenchyma on the left is stable.': 'There is an area of breast tissue in the left breast which is not changed from prior. This area is not cancer.', 'Questioned calcifications did not persist on additional imaging and are believed to have been artifactual in nature.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen on the initial mammogram were not seen on close look pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', 'There is a new mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Bilateral prepectoral saline implants are intact. Implant displaced views were obtained in addition to standard views.': 'On both sides there are breast implants that are located on top of the chest muscles. These breast implants are filled with saline (salt water). There is no breakage or leaking of the implants.  Extra x-ray pictures were taken with the implants pushed off to the side to better see the breast tissue. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '8:00 right breast': 'outer lower right breast', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Surgery:Benign': '', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Bilateral': 'Both the right and left breast.', 'Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. These show no significant interval change.': 'Masses that are round and oval in shape are seen in both of your breasts. This looks the same as on the last exam and there are no signs of cancer.', 'There are amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'New fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'A portacath is seen overlying the left pectoralis muscle and obscures this area.': 'Your port tubing sits on top of the left chest muscle and blocks x-rays from seeing the breast in this area. ', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'fine-linear branching calcifications': 'Mineral deposits which are very small and form small lines or dashes and also have a branching pattern similar to a tree branch. This type of calcification is sometimes associated with breast cancer. ', 'Milk of calcium calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium which layer in breast ducts that are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'An ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.': 'We recommend doing an ultrasound to see if there are any problems in your breast.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The breasts are extremely dense': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 4 which means that there is much more gland than fat tissue. This is normal.', 'There is a new equal density round mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'An area of architectural distortion was seen on the initial MLO view of the right breast. This finding resolved on additional imaging and is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area in your right breast that appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient is status post right mastectomy.': 'Your right breast has been removed by surgery.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormality is present to correlate with reported nonfocal left breast pain. ': 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in your left breast where you have pain. ', 'Post surgical changes, left, stable.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your left breast and look the same as on your last exam.', 'No mammographic abnormality is present to correlate with reported nonfocal right breast pain.': 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in your right breast where you have pain. ', 'Postoperative changes, right breast.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your right breast.', 'Gynecomastia': '', 'The repeat CC view of the right breast is technically adequate. There are no mammographic features of malignancy in the right breast. ': 'The repeated picture we took of your right breast from the top is good quality. No signs of breast cancer in your right breast.', 'New amorphous calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is new high density oval mass in the right breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', 'New fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Directed ultrasound of the area of right breast pain is recommended.': 'We recommend doing an ultrasound to look at the area where you have breast pain.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the medial left breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the inner left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'CMFN': 'Centimeters From Nipple', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Density': '', 'Pain:Benign': '', 'Asymmetries': 'Breast tissue normally appears similar in the right breast and the left breast. An area of tissue that stands out when compared to the other breast is called an asymmetry. While cancer can cause an asymmetry, other things that are not cancer can also cause asymmetry.', 'There is a new spiculated mass in the right breast.': 'There is a new mass in your right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Biopsy marking clip is appropriately positioned at the biopsy site in the right breast.': 'After your biopsy, the tiny titanium clip that we placed at the site of the biopsy was in the correct location in your right breast.', 'Limited mammogram for evaluation of clip positioning following MRI guided biopsy. Biopsy marking clip in the right breast status post core biopsy is in expected positioning.': 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your right breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'Original text': 'Translation', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'A cluster of calcifications was questioned on the initial MLO view of the right breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, no calcifications were seen and the initial questioned area is believed to have been artifactual in nature.': 'The mineral deposits that were seen in the right breast on the initial mammogram were not seen on close look pictures. No signs of breast cancer.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'At the surgical sites in the right and left breast, asymmetry and architectural distortion are present and are consistent with postsurgical scars. The post surgical sites show no significant interval change. No new suspicious masses or calcifications are seen at the left lumpectomy site.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scars in the right and left breasts has not changed from the last exam. There are no signs of cancer in these areas.', "7:00 o'clock right breast": 'lower outer right breast', 'No new suspicious masses or calcifications are seen at the left lumpectomy site.': 'The area of where you had surgery on the left breast looks the same. There is no sign of cancer in this area.', 'Solitary dilated duct': 'There is a single milk duct in the breast that appears larger than normal.', 'Fine linear calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'No specific mammographic evidence of malignancy, left breast.': 'No signs of breast cancer in the left breast.', 'There is a mass in the left breast with obscured margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The right MLO and right CC views are suboptimal due to under compression. Technical repeat right CC and MLO views are recommended.': 'We did not press on your right breast well enough to get good quality pictures from the top and from the side. We recommend repeating these views.', 'There is a new equal density round mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'Mass:Indeterminate': '', 'There are pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'New fine pleomorphic  calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "10 o'clock right breast": 'outer upper right breast', '2:00 left breast': 'outer upper left breast', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The axillary lymph nodes have increased in size compared to the prior films and are borderline enlarged.': 'Since your last exam, the lymph nodes in your armpit areas have gotten bigger. ', "8:00 o'clock right breast": 'outer lower right breast', "No mammographic abnormality is present to correlate with patient's reported nonfocal right breast pain.": 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in your right breast where you have pain. ', '2.0': 'No evidence of breast cancer. There are findings in your breast but they do not represent cancer. ', 'The benign-appearing intramammary lymph node in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast is stable.': 'A normal lymph node in the upper outer left breast is not changed from your last exam.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Given that the patient is greater than 5 years post lumpectomy, the annual mammogram next year may be performed as a screening mammogram per protocol.': 'The area where you had surgery to have a lump removed has looked the same for 5 years. It is now safe to go back to getting screening mammograms. ', "7:00 o'clock left breast": 'lower inner left breast', 'Amorphous calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The left MLO and right CC views are suboptimal due to under compression. Technical repeat right CC and MLO views are recommended.': 'We did not press on your left breast well enough to get good quality pictures from the top and from the side. We recommend repeating these views.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Tomosynthesis': '', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "2:00 o'clock right breast": 'inner upper right breast', '12:00 right breast': 'upper right breast', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Bilateral retropectoral silicone implants are stable. Standard and implant displaced views were obtained. The patient complains of itching of the right nipple.': 'On both sides there are breast implants that were placed underneath the chest muscles. These breast implants are filled with silicone (gel). The implants look the same as they did last time. Regular x-ray pictures were taken, as well as special x-ray pictures with the implants pushed off to the side to better see the breast tissue.  The patient has itching of the nipple. ', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are seen in the right breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The breasts are dense, lowering the sensitivity of mammography.': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 4 which means that there is much more gland than fat tissue. This is normal.', 'Multiple benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. These have fluctuated in size compared with prior exam and are consistent with fluctuating cysts.': 'Multiple fluid filled areas (cysts) are seen in both of your breasts which have gotten bigger and smaller over your last few exams. No signs of cancer. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Interval lumpectomy and radiation therapy left breast.': 'Since your last exam, you have had surgery and radiation to your left breast. ', 'Apparent asymmetry in the right breast resolved with additional imaging and is consistent with overlapping fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'There are new fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen in the region of the palpable areas of concern in the right or left breast.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in both breasts where you feel a lump.', 'There is a new spiculated mass in the left breast.': 'There is a new mass in your left breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "There is a new spiculated mass in the left breast 2 o'clock posterior depth.": 'There is a new mass deep in the upper outer left breast which has spiked and pointed borders.', 'Skin Thickening:Follow': '', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'No imaging abnormality at the site of palpable lump, which should therefore be further evaluated based upon the results of physical exam.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your breast where you feel a lump. Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about the lump you feel in your left breast. ', 'Post lumpectomy and radiation therapy changes in the left breast are stable. Post lumpectomy and radiation therapy changes in the right breast are stable.': 'Normal changes after surgery and radiation are seen in both of your breasts. ', 'Mammographic findings are consistent with unilateral gynecomastia of the left breast. Findings consistent with left sided gynecomastia.': 'Noncancerous enlargement of breast tissue in the left breast more than the right. This can be caused by many things including some medicines, liver disease, marijuana, and obesity. This is also sometimes a normal findings during male puberty. ', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There has been interval development of bilateral axillary adenopathy. The largest axillary node on the left measures 4 cm in greatest longitudinal dimension.': 'The lymph nodes in your armpit areas are larger than normal which is new from your last exam. The largest lymph node in the left armpit area measures around 4 cm (1.6 inches) in size. ', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The benign appearing lesion is stable. No significant change.': 'There is an unchanged lesion which is not cancer. You do not need to worry about this and nothing more needs to be done. ', 'Spot compression magnification view of the left lumpectomy site was performed. No mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy is seen.': 'Close up views of the area in your left breast where you had surgery show no sign of cancer.', 'Recommend correlation with physical examination and consider aspiration for any palpable abnormalities as clinically indicated.': 'Your primary doctor can do a careful physical exam and decide what to do next like using a needle to suck out fluid from any lumps that you feel in your breast.', 'Amorphous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Segmental': 'Calcifications form a triangular shape pointed towards the nipple. ', "There is a new irregular mass with spiculated margins in the right breast 7 o'clock middle depth.": 'There is a new mass in the lower outer right breast with spiked and pointed borders.', 'Consider aspiration for any palpable abnormalities as clinically indicated.': 'Your primary doctor may want a procedure that uses a needle to suck out fluid from any lumps that you feel in your breast.', "New spiculated mass in the right breast 3 o'clock with associated architectural distortion.": 'There is a new mass in the inner right breast. This mass has borders which are spiked and pointed and causes the surrounding tissue to be pulled into the mass. ', 'Imaging obtained with prostheses in place and pushed away.': 'You have breast implants. X-ray pictures were taken with the implants and then with the implants pushed off to the side to better see the breast tissue.', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast, 6 o'clock.": 'There is a mass in your lower right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'No mammographic abnormality is identified in the subareolar right breast to correlate with the reported nipple itching.': "The area under the nipple looks normal.  The mammogram doesn't show anything under the right nipple to explain the itching.", 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '4B': 'There is a finding that may be breast cancer or not cancer. At this time we are not 100% sure. Biopsy is recommended.', 'Breast Implants': '', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Obscured': 'The borders of the mass are not well seen because normal breast tissue is overlapping.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.H': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Biopsy marking clip is appropriately positioned at the biopsy site in the left breast.': 'After your biopsy, the tiny titanium clip that we placed at the site of the biopsy was in the correct location in your left breast.', 'Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally. These show no significant interval change. Benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally, consistent with fluctuating cysts.': 'Multiple fluid filled areas (cysts) are seen in both of your breasts which look the same as on your last exam. No signs of cancer. ', 'The biopsy marking clip in the right breast status post core biopsy is noted.': 'There is a tiny titanium clip in your right breast in the area of a past biopsy.', 'No mammographic abnormalities are seen in the general region of the palpable abnormality in the left breast. Recommend decision regarding further management of any palpable abnormality in the left breast be based on clinical grounds.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your left breast where you feel a lump. Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about the lump you feel in your left breast. ', 'Spiculated': 'Borders are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications': 'Mineral deposits that are generally larger in size and have different shapes and sizes. Sometimes, biopsy is needed to determine if these are a sign of breast cancer. ', '9:00 right breast': 'outer right breast', 'The breasts are heterogeneously dense, lowering the sensitivity of mammography.': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 3 which means that there is slightly more gland than fat tissue. This is normal.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a  spiculated mass in the right breast. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in your right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'There are new linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '5.0': 'There is a finding which is very likely to be breast cancer. Biopsy is recommended.', 'Apparent asymmetries in both the right and left breast resolve with additional mammographic imaging.': 'There were areas of breast tissue in both breasts which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, these areas were normal breast tissue.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "8 o'clock right breast": 'outer lower right breast', 'The patient is status post right reduction mammoplasty.': 'You have had surgery to make your right breast smaller. ', 'No mass or cyst is seen in the area of the palpable right breast mass described by the patient.': 'There is nothing in your breast where you feel a lump. ', 'New mass in the right breast with obscured margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass are hard to see because of overlapping tissue. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications': 'Mineral deposits that are small and are varied in shape. This type of calcification is sometimes associated with breast cancer.', '11:00 left breast': 'upper inner left breast', 'An asymmetry was seen on the initial MLO view of the left breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, this asymmetry assumed the appearance of normal tissue. It is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the left breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Patient reports bilateral breast pain. No mammographic abnormalities are seen to explain the pain. ': 'There no signs of cancer or any other problem in both of your breasts where you have pain. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Right': 'Right breast', '3.0': 'There is a finding in your breast which is most likely not breast cancer. At this time we cannot be 100% sure. Follow up imaging is recommended.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Suture': 'Mineral deposits of calcium that are associated with stitches from your surgery.', 'There has been interval bilateral mastopexy. Postoperative changes are seen.': 'Since your last exam, you have had breast-lifting surgery on both sides. There are normal changes related to the surgery.', 'The patient reports bilateral non-bloody nipple discharge. There is no mammographic abnormality on routine or bilateral spot compression magnification views to explain bilateral discharge.': 'You had reported blood leaking out of your nipples on both sides. We did not find anything to explain the leakage on the mammogram.', 'Fine linear calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Portacath catheter overlies the superior posterior aspect of the right breast and obscures a small amount of breast parenchyma.': "Your infusion port is covering a small part of the upper back part of the breast so that it can't be seen on the mammogram. ", '4:00 right breast': 'inner lower right breast', 'There is a spiculated mass in the right lateral breast.': 'There is a mass in your outer right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'At the surgical site in the left breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scar in the left breast has not changed from the last exam.', "3 o'clock right breast": 'inner right breast', 'There is new architectural distortion in the subareolar right breast in the region of interval biopsy, with removal of the previously seen mass in that area.': 'There are normal changes after surgery in the right breast just under the nipple. The mass that was there before not there anymore. ', 'The benign appearing lesion in the left breast is stable.': 'There is an unchanged lesion in your left breast which is not cancer. You do not need to worry about this and nothing more needs to be done. ', 'New amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'An asymmetry was seen on the initial MLO view of the right breast. On additional imaging including spot compression magnification view, this asymmetry assumed the appearance of normal tissue. It is believed to have been secondary to superimposed tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Additional diagnostic mammogram views were performed of the LEFT breast to further evaluate an area of concern seen on the initial screening images.': 'More x-rays of the left breast were needed to take a closer look at a spot in the breast that the radiologist noticed on the screening mammogram.', 'Spot compression magnification views were obtained over the palpable sites of concern in both breasts. No mammographic abnormalities are seen in these regions. ': 'Close up views of the area where you felt a lump in both of your breast showed no signs of cancer or other problems. ', '7:00 right breast': 'lower outer right breast', 'There are fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', '7:00 left breast': 'lower inner left breast', 'New fine linear calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'The breasts are mostly fatty with scattered fibroglandular elements, which could obscure an abnormality.': 'Breasts are made of fat and gland tissue. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast determines how the breast will look on a mammogram. The more gland tissue in a breast, the more white the breast appears on a mammogram. The amount of fat and gland tissue in the breast is graded from 1 to 4, all of which are normal. 1 means mostly fat tissue. 4 means mostly gland tissue. Your breast scores 2 which means that there is slightly more fat than gland tissue. This is normal.', 'Bilateral scar markers.': 'Stickers are seen on the skin to mark the area in your breasts where there are scars.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a new spiculated mass in the right lateral breast.': 'There is a new mass in your outer right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There is a high density mass in the left breast with microlobulated margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast which is brighter than normal on the mammogram. The borders of the mass are not smooth and have the appearance of small "bumps" on the surface. ', "1:00 o'clock left breast": 'upper outer left breast', 'New spiculated mass in the right medial breast.': 'There is a new mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "4 o'clock right breast": 'inner lower right breast', 'Heterogeneous calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Palpable area in the right breast is described by the patient. No mammographic abnormality is seen in the area.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in your right breast where you feel a lump. ', 'Distortion bilaterally relates to the reduction scars.': 'You have had surgery to make your breasts smaller. There is normal scarring related to the surgery.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'An isodense mass with indistinct margins containing fat is imaged in the central retroareolar aspect of the left breast, posterior zone. Finding is thought to represent a lymph node.': 'There is a lymph node in the back part of your left breast. There is fat in the lymph node which means it is normal.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Limited:Negative': '', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'There are fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', "New irregular mass with spiculated margins in the right breast 7 o'clock middle depth.": 'There is a new mass in the lower outer right breast with spiked and pointed borders.', 'On the post biopsy mammogram, no biopsy marking clip is seen. It does not appear to have deployed.': 'Usually after a biopsy, a tiny titanium clip is placed in the breast. However, in this case, no clip is seen. This may be related to the clip placing device not functioning properly. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted on magnification views in the left breast, anterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Post surgical changes in both breasts are stable.': 'There are normal changes that happen after surgery in your breasts. This looks the same as it did on the last exam.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Fibroglandular densities are present in the left breast. These fibroglandular densities in the subareolar region of the left breast correlate with the palpable tender abnormality.': 'There is normal breast tissue in the area where you feel pain or tenderness. No signs of breast cancer.', 'Pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "Postoperative changes consistent with the patient's clinical history of prior reduction mammoplasty are present.": 'There are normal changes related to your breast reduction surgery.', 'Multiple benign appearing round and oval masses are present bilaterally.': 'Masses that are round and oval in shape are seen in both of your breasts and these are not cancer. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Posterior': 'In the deepest part of the breast tissue, closest to the chest wall.', 'Irregular': 'shape used to describe a mass. Irregular means that the mass is not completely round or oval.', 'There is a spiculated mass in the right breast.': 'There is a mass in your right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer.', 'There are pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', "4 o'clock left breast": 'outer lower left breast', 'There has been interval surgery in the right breast, and there are postoperative changes at the surgical site.': 'Since your last mammogram, you have had surgery on your right breast. Normal changes that happen after surgery are seen.', 'The right CC view is suboptimal due to inadequate posterior tissue. Recommend technical repeat right CC view.': 'We did not get enough of your right breast on the mammogram from the top. We recommend repeating this view.', 'No mammographic or sonographic abnormality at the site of palpable concern. Further management of these palpable abnormalities should be based upon careful physical examination.': 'There are no signs of cancer or any other problem in the area where you feel a lump. Your primary doctor can do a careful physical exam and decide what to do next.', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "8 o'clock left breast": 'inner lower left breast', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Indication': 'The reason why your doctor ordered this particular test. Often there will be billing code information included in this section.', 'New high density oval mass in the right breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. ', 'Post lumpectomy and radiation therapy changes in the left breast are stable.': 'Normal changes after surgery and radiation are seen in your left breast. This looks the same as it did on the last exam.', 'Dystrophic calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium that are usually a result of minor trauma and are not a sign of breast cancer.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There are new fine pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'There is a irregular mass in the left breast with spiculated margins.': 'There is a mass in the left breast. This mass has an uneven shape with borders that are spiked and pointed.', "Post procedure mammogram was performed to document that the cyst which was aspirated correlated with the mammographic mass. The previously seen mammographic mass in the xxxx breast at xxxx o'clock is no longer present, consistent with cyst aspiration.": 'After the procedure, mammograms were done to make sure the fluid filled structure that we drained was the structure that was causing the appearance of a mass on the mammogram. The pictures now show no mass in the area which means the cyst was successfully drained', 'There has been an interval reduction mammoplasty performed on the right breast. Postoperative changes are seen.': 'Since your last exam, you have had surgery to make your right breast smaller. Normal changes after surgery are seen. ', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, suspicious for malignancy.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine linear branching calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications are new from prior and seen in the left breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'The patient complains of itching of the left nipple.': 'The patient has itching of the nipple. ', 'Amorphous calcifications in the right breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Diffuse': 'Scattered all over the breast. ', 'Focal asymmetry': 'There is one small area in the breast that looks different than the same area on the other breast. ', 'There are fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Amorphous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious for malignancy.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Interval development of post lumpectomy changes, left breast. No evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'Since your last exam, there is normal healing and scarring in your left breast after surgery to remove a lump. There no signs of cancer in this area.', 'There are amorphous calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "6:00 o'clock left breast": 'lower left breast', '3:00 right breast': 'inner right breast', 'Associated features': '', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the right breast which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Nipple retraction': 'Pulling inward of the nipple ', "11:00 o'clock right breast": 'upper outer right breast', 'Pleomorphic calcifications noted in the left breast on spot compression magnification views, posterior depth. These are suspicious.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'In the left lower breast there are stable post surgical changes': 'Normal changes that happen after surgery are seen in the lower left breast. This looks the same as on the last exam.', 'New linear branching calcifications in the right breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'There is a spiculated mass in the left breast. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in your left breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Linear branching calcifications are new from prior and seen in the right breast.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "7 o'clock left breast": 'lower inner left breast', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the right breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'New equal density round mass in the left breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the left breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'There is a high density oval mass in the left breast with spiculated margins. These findings are suspicious. ': 'There is a mass in the left breast. This mass looks bright on the mammogram, has borders which are spiked and pointed, and is overall oval in shape. This mass requires biopsy.', 'New mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast. The edges of this mass blend in to the surrounding tissue. ', "There is a spiculated mass in the right breast, 3 o'clock. These findings are suspicious. ": 'There is a mass in your inner right breast which has borders which are spiked and pointed. Spiculated borders are often seen with cancer. This mass requires biopsy.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the medial right breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the inner right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'New amoprhous calcifications in the left breast in a linear distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'New pleomorphic calcifications in the left breast in a segmental distribution.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy. ', 'Calcifications': 'Mineral deposits of calcium in the breast which are common in women and can be caused by many different things including both cancer and things that are not cancer. The shape and amount of calcification can sometimes help a radiologist determine if a calcification is not cancer. Sometimes calcifications require a biopsy to determine what is causing them.', 'Fine linear calcifications are new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', "10:00 o'clock left breast": 'inner upper left breast', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications noted on spot compression magnification views in the left breast, middle depth.': 'Close views show mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '4A': 'There is a finding that is likely not breast cancer. At this time we are not 100% sure and a biopsy is recommended.', 'The exam is limited due to the patient being in a wheelchair. We were unable to visualize the most posterior aspects of the breasts and the low axilla.': "The mammogram pictures couldn't see all of the breast because of the patient being in a wheelchair.  We couldn't see the back part of the breast or lower armpit area on the x-ray pictures. This means we couldn't check these areas for cancer. ", 'Shape': '', 'Amorphous calcifications are seen in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "9 o'clock left breast": 'inner left breast', 'New equal density round mass in the right breast with indistinct margins.': 'There is a new mass in the right breast which is round in shape. The edges of this mass are hard to see because they blend into the tissue around it. ', 'Apparent asymmetry in the superior right breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the upper right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'Recommend further evaluation of nonfocal right breast pain be based on clinical grounds.': 'Your primary doctor can decide what to do next about your painful right breast. ', 'Fine pleomorphic calcifications in the right breast are seen on spot compression magnification views and which are suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the right breast which require biopsy.', 'Coarse heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior, suspicious.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "New spiculated mass in the left breast 2 o'clock posterior depth.": 'There is a new mass deep in the upper outer left breast which has spiked and pointed borders.', 'Trabecular thickening': 'The normal structural lines in the breast tissue are thickened. This can be a result of several things including radiation, too much fluid in tissues, or cancer. ', 'A possible mass is noted in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast. Spot compression views and possible sonography, if clinically indicated are recommended for further evaluation.': 'There may be a mass in the upper outer part of your right breast. To be sure, we recommend close up mammograms or getting an ultrasound. ', 'Fine linear branching calcifications in the left breast.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "12:00 o'clock right breast": 'upper right breast', 'Heterogeneous calcifications in the left breast, new from prior.': 'New mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', '0.0': 'Incomplete, additional evaluation needed. There are abnormalities on this study that need more imaging. Usually this means that more imaging needs to be done mostly by additional mammograms and/or ultrasound', 'Fine linear calcifications in the left breast, suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', "Post biopsy mammogram confirms the presence of a biopsy marking clip at the site of biopsy in the XXXXXX breast at the XXXXX o'clock position.": 'The tiny titanium clip placed during your XXXXXX breast biopsy is located in the appropriate area where the biopsy was done. ', 'At the surgical site in the left breast, there is density and architectural distortion, stable compared to the prior films and consistent with a post surgical scar. The lumpectomy site shows no mammographic evidence of recurrent malignancy.': 'The normal appearance of a surgical scar in the left breast has not changed from the last exam. There are no signs of cancer in this area.', 'Linear branching calcifications in the left breast which are new from prior and suspicious.': 'Mineral deposits in the left breast which require biopsy.', 'Apparent asymmetry in the inferior right breast resolves with spot compression magnification views, consistent with overlapping normal fibroglandular tissue.': 'There was an area of breast tissue in the lower right breast which appeared abnormal on initial images. With closer pictures, this area was normal breast tissue.', 'The previously seen mass in the left breast is not visualized on the current exam.': "On your last mammogram, a mass was seen in the left breast. This mass is not seen on today's mammogram.", 'Diffuse benign calcifications are present bilaterally.': 'There are mineral deposits in both breasts which are not breast cancer.'}